Sooner or later a migrated client says the platform looks different,
p02
or asks where one of their features went.
p03
You have two kinds of answer, and one hard rule.
p04
Here they are.
p05
Start with the big picture, and attribute it.
p06
Per Micrologic platform documentation,
p07
all one hundred seventy-nine WashAssist modules carried forward with full parity,
p08
plus sixteen or more new capability areas.
p09
Say "per the documentation."
p10
You are quoting it, not claiming you counted.
p11
If the client is technical, there is a second attributed layer.
p12
The platform was rebuilt on AWS, with token-based sign-in,
p13
sessions tied to the device, and rate limiting on the busy screens.
p14
Again, that is the documentation talking,
p15
not something you can point to on screen.
p16
For "what is coming," keep it to what is documented.
p17
Release two moves Marketing onto an event-driven backbone with two-way data replication.
p18
Release three brings event-driven microservices.
p19
No dates.
p20
If they push for a date, that is parked.
p21
Now the question you will actually get: where did my feature go.
p22
Whole modules were regrouped.
p23
Employees, Gamification, and the Scheduler live under Team now.
p24
Maintenance, Incidents, and appointment Scheduling are under Operations.
p25
Mobile and the Portal are under Digital.
p26
Support and Audit sit under IT and Support.
p27
And Billing and Academy are brand new.
p28
Some features did not leave, they just moved or became a button.
p29
Retention Log is a button on the Customer List.
p30
Generate Invoices is a button on House Accounts.
p31
Rewards moved into Settings, under Services.
p32
Adjustments moved into Inventory.
p33
Forecasting is under Analytics.
p34
Report scheduling is on the Reports hub.
p35
The full map is in our own verified records,
p36
so you are citing what we saw, not guessing.
p37
Here is the rule that keeps you honest.
p38
If you cannot find a feature live, you do not say it is gone.
p39
PIN Codes, Loyalty Discounts, Tech Commissions, Site Watch,
p40
and a few others are not visible today.
p41
The correct answer is that their status is being confirmed.
p42
It might have moved, it might be in a later release.
p43
Log the ask, and let it be answered properly.
p44
So, three moves.
p45
Give the parity story and attribute it.
p46
Locate the specific feature from the verified map.
p47
And never, ever call something gone.
p48
Confirm first, then answer.